Good Evening.
Lets begin.

After some initial, learnings in HTML this WILL get better, and adding the css on top. Lets go.
Also i will only be changing as i go. I would like for this page to show the improvments.

Dec 10 - 16

Brushed all old Web Dev Files. 
Merged with school files.
Facebook Done.
Facebook Page Done.
Bookmarks Done
Emails Done
Curicullum Created
IDE Set.
Enviroment Set
Wordpress Done
Gravatar Done
Git Done
Newsletters Done
Profiles, Links Done.
Downloads Completed.
They may look like simple and little. It Actually Took ALOT. OCDs, and ADD and whatnot.
Right now Beggining a Git Course. First of all lets learn git.
Also taking care of loose ends.

Dec 16
Lessons: 1) - https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/

Test Edit for Bragging Rights

Noon, just finished the  basics of github. Now on to finish loose ends and get a github day.
will try to learn html from github. solving simple starters. Idea popped from github suggestions.
Also on the side for today. Git - Touch Type Practise - Typography. For Article Reasons.

This change is begin made from directly insde the kraken UI.
After many effords in integradation with VS code. We need to get Git Nerds

Dec 17.

Phew. I updated my libraary for points of reference. 41 GBs of pdfs, and with the ability to searhc inside them.
All profiles, ranks etc are done. We will be working mainly here.  Bulk updates on the rest in order.
Many attemps to learn git. MY mind is not collaborating. Yet, 
Well git kraken for now. Will do. 

Took me a week to plan my way. I have a roadmap.
Also fixed Github abit more. hehe Getting the hang of it.
Took 3 classes today. Will Redo them. My wifes mother, hit her head and went to the hospital. Edgy Day.
Mostly spend on tidying.

And after much spending in the git tutorials tryin to make it or break it, there it is, the revelation.
Git + Github Tutorial on freecodecamp.... Lets kiss kraken away and try the console now.

18 Dec 
today i deleted, the git kraken, i have read through a couple of guides,
still facing problems with git+gitHub etc.
Right now we are from inside the VS Code. Everything is going well.

2) https://stackoverflow.com/questions/315911/git-for-beginners-the-definitive-practical-guide
3) https://guide.freecodecamp.org/git/git-clone
4) https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/versioncontrol
5) https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-beginners-guide-to-git-github/

I had to go through all those, in order, to get a couple of things outa of the way.
SSh key, learning the console  of git and the most importand of all, stack exchange.
The Questions and anwers site. Its extremele usefull.