Good Evening.
Lets begin.

After some initial, leanings in HTML this WILL get better, and by adding some css on the top. Lets go.

Also i will only be changing this as i go along . I would like for this page to show the improvement.

Talking about source code here.

The point is to stroll down, and view the updated content, like a take-a-picture-every-day photo album.

Dec 10 - 16  <-- Legacy log.



* Every file for web development from school, personal and office, organized and fixed.
* Facebook personal and business page done.
* Bookmarks created and done.
* Emails organized.
* Curriculum created.
* IDE Installed.
* Windows Environment formatted and Set.
* Wordpress created.
* Gravatar created.
* Git created.

They may look like simple and little, but it actually Took awhile, OCDs, ADDs and whatnot. 
Right now beginning a Git Course. First of all lets learn git.
Also taking care of loose ends. <needs a todo here.

Dec 16    < - Legacy

Lessons: 1) - https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/


Test Edit for Bragging Rights <- Made from tutorial.
Noon, just finished the basics of github, got a grasp of it. Now on to finish some loose ends, and git gitified.
Will try to learn html from github, solving simple starter issues. The idea came some suggestions, that poped inside the github website.  <-- edit from the future, This idea, sucked.
Also on the side for today:
Git - Touch Type Practice - Typography. For Article writing reasons. 

This edit is done directly from inside the kraken UI.
After many efforts in integration with VScode. We need to get Git Nerds

Dec 17. <--Legacy

The library is completed, phew... 100 Gigabytes of books, programming related, 
sorted inside an eBook database. Search per book title or.....by words inside 
the books. Reference and a ton of text for guidance.
All profiles set, set to inactive most of them. All the work will be done in 
Github as a core, and after that inside the blog. Bulk updates on the rest maybe 
even not at all, depends.

The frustration with git, makes reading the guide: "Oh Shit, Git!?!", a sight for sore eyes.
My mind is simply not collaborating with me, yet.
Oh, well GitKraken for now, will do. Perfect for starters by the way, zero learning curve, informative design, few clicks and you are done.

Almost a week to get the roadmap done, what to read, when  to read it.
Supplemented with courses, sites, learning material. Order to chaos.

Also the github is almost fixed, hehe, getting the hang of it.

3 classes but i will not be listing them yet, we need to redo.
Had some accident and it required, hospitalization, god i love this expression.
All ok, but having an edgy day, spend most of my day in tiding the ridiculous amounts of resources 
this subject has.

Finally after so much headache, git this git that, trying to make it or break it, there we are,
 the revelation........ Git+GitHub Tutorial on FreeCodeCamp, GitKraken....Good bye.
Hello Git Console.

18 Dec <- Legacy.

After hitting a rock in the tutorial, and stranded without my Kraken raft...
we are right were we started, facing problems, with git.....oh shit, git.

This is edit is made from the VsCode, opened from Git Console.
Everything is going well.